{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14380\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The "Two Pizza Rule" at Amazon is a simple yet effective guideline that suggests teams should be small enough that they can all be fed with just two pizzas. This rule has been key to Amazon\'92s success because it encourages decentralization and agility. By keeping teams small and focused on specific customer segments, they can make quick decisions, avoid unnecessary bureaucracy, and iterate on products quickly\'97often within 10 to 15 days. This means they can meet customer needs faster and adapt to changing demands more effectively.\
On an individual level, the "Two Pizza Rule" helps by ensuring each team member has a clear role and more responsibility. With smaller teams, everyone\'92s contributions matter more, fostering a sense of ownership and accountability. It creates an environment where communication flows quickly, ideas can be exchanged freely, and individuals can focus on delivering results without getting bogged down by too many processes or distractions.\
One of the 12 Agile principles is to "Deliver working software frequently, from a couple of weeks to a couple of months, with a preference for the shorter timescale." Amazon follows this principle by using their small, "Two Pizza Teams" to quickly develop products in short cycles. By releasing updates every 10 to 15 days, they can deliver working solutions that align with customer needs, allowing them to gather feedback and improve their products continuously.\
For my SNHU Travel project, another Agile principle that stands out is "Welcome changing requirements, even late in development." At Amazon, this principle is embraced by staying flexible and adapting to change throughout the development process. I would apply this principle by designing the SNHU Travel project to be adaptable to new features or updates, based on user feedback. This would ensure that the product stays relevant and valuable, even as customer needs evolve during development, allowing us to make continuous improvements and deliver the best possible experience.\
}